[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video today's
one
is super different and so exciting
we're currently on our way to the gym
shark
hq and the lifting club
and we're going down to birmingham where
it is just to have like a nosy round
and have like a little tour so yeah i
think it's just going to be a lovely day
like the weather is so good here at the
moment like yesterday was lovely
today it's just blue skies and mason is
driving us down
can't wait to meet some of the team as
well like obviously we've been speaking
for a good few months now so it'd be
nice
it's just nice to put a face to a name
and i'll hopefully
bring you around like the whole place if
you could hit this video with a like i
would really
appreciate it it just helps and supports
my channel so from my house it's like
just short of two hours to
birmingham like it's right down at the
bottom which i didn't realize and we're
gonna
stop at like a supercharged charge point
it only takes like 10 or 15 minutes
isn't it
and i'm praying there's going to be a
starbucks there
this jumper of mine is currently drying
on the top of it
i wanted to wear this one it was a
little bit damp like on the line
so yeah i brought my other camera with
me as well hopefully get some
cool content oh yeah the starbucks drive
through that is what i like to see
so i'm gonna get a starbucks blonde
roast i think
like they're my almost like ultimate
favorite ever from here
just got my starbucks look how much
happier i am
and i always go for the blonde roast
in mine espresso machine at home as well
i absolutely love
the blonde roast pods that you can get
as well
so i brought that in a medium and i just
picked up
this protein bar white chocolate sausage
peanut i really like this flavour
oh boy lovely day
so we are here
[Music]
um
hair makeup nails
[Music]
um
yogurt
just in the lifting club in the changing
rooms
the gym itself is unreal so clean
and they've got like a whole section
dedicated to glutes like not legs like
glutes dedicated
so we're just going to get a training
session i'm really excited
to use the gym but it's just so cool
here like so much thought has gone in
to the design and stuff i've even got
the best hair dryer
in the changing room i love the dyson
air wrap and
are these ghds or cloud nines phds so
i love like little details like that you
really can't go wrong
so we've got a monster and we're gonna
[Music]
train
we've just come in to manchester
manchester what am i on about tomorrow
and try and locate some food
we're trying to meet around like this
weather
can it just stay like i'm so not ready
for winter just yet
um but yeah it's so pretty actually like
i haven't really spent that much time
in birmingham in the past i've only been
like twice before
so having a lovely time i love lake time
we just came to in um
the bull ring and i've got like some
crispy beets
with some rice and what we've got
some salad the carrot cucumber
what do you get faux house is called
it's um
so i've unboxed all these um but they
had a flipping
h m home store which was just
you know literally my idea of heaven
because i always shop online at h m home
but everything goes out of stock so
quick
um and i think they only have like the
only the h m home is
in london so i picked up these little
baskets thinking
to put my makeup like bits and bats in
um and then i saw these and i just
really liked the design i feel like it
was going to go nice in my living room
so i had to pick up two of those
and sandalwood is my favorite scent
ever and then i just got this ginger
scented candle
i haven't really got candles from h
number just been after like something
like this to put
accessories and whatnot in hello
i'm so tired so we just got back i think
it's about
10. um but we ended up wandering around
birmingham for ages which is really cool
i haven't literally barely been there so
it was nice to have um a meech around
the shops
we got some food at that vietnamese
faux place really really good actually
um
we took it we took it last week it took
us a while to find it like
i didn't realize it was actually in the
birmingham the ball ring thing
but yeah i got that beef and like sticky
rice oh it was so nice
and we also got a mango frozen yogurt
type thing
um so yeah that was lovely and
just drove back um not much has happened
since we drove back i just started
editing this video that you
will be watching now and just had the
best day to be honest
had a really nice time at gym shark it
was so cool just to see
like how everything works and
how cool like the whole
team ethos is there and
just the whole vibe really like it was
just really nice to see
and put like a few faces to names um
so yeah i've eaten some good food today
got hella steps in i think i've done
fought it nearly 000 steps today um
so yeah that's really good got a good
gym session in
i'm literally like still desperately
needing a shower right now
that is what i'm gonna do next um
just been given penelope her dinner but
yeah that's about it
really lovely exciting day i really hope
you enjoyed this video
getting a little bit of an insight as
well as me into
uh the gym shark stuff
i can't speak i'm honestly so tired
right now i would love you to stick
around
by subscribing to my channel
and liking this video and i'll see you
in the next video